DFW rule management resource vcd_nsxt_distributed_firewall_rule (#1076)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/d/nsxt_distributed_firewall_rule.html.markdown

---
layout: "vcd"
page_title: "VMware Cloud Director: vcd_nsxt_distributed_firewall_rule"
sidebar_current: "docs-vcd-data-source-nsxt-distributed-firewall-rule"
description: |-

>   The Distributed Firewall data source a single rules for a particular VDC Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Distributed Firewall data source reads a single rule for a particular VDC Group.
```

Author: Fixed

---

# vcd\_nsxt\_distributed\_firewall\_rule

> The Distributed Firewall data source reads all defined rules for a particular VDC Group.

Reviewer 2: I'm a bit confused here with the word "all". I thought this is for reading a single rule, as the `name` ir required?

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer 2: There are some issues with the latest sentence :)

> The Distributed Firewall data source a single rules for a particular VDC Group.

->

> The Distributed Firewall data source **reads** a single **rule of** a particular VDC Group.

Author: Thank you. That wasn't good - reread both docs now :)
